hey everybody welcome back to nor the
lion place binding of us get with us
we've been doin good work lately semi
good work don't even talk to me about
the cursed run we failed semi recently
apart from that that we've been killing
it
what is the thing on the right side of
the posted note I feel like I'm taking
crazy pills dude you know what huh so
mega satan is bottom left and it's the
negative that's far right so when I was
looking at every character they were all
missing the negative and I was just
losing my mind for no reason okay sick
um I don't see actually okay let me you
can't knock out the negative n mega
Satan on the same run so we might as
well like try to get two birds stoned at
once
Eden has not beaten Eden his not beaten
Eden has not beaten Cathedral down to
the chest has not beaten the negative
has not beaten hush has not beaten mega
satan and is not beaten greevey ER so we
can actually do an Eden run here and it
really doesn't matter what path we take
trinkets melter the best hairstyle in
the game we Elsa voice I've never seen
frozen so don't get mad eq8 ate pizza w
and friendly ball let's look at our
stats here the stands are the the kind
of relevant
we have little haunt as well but the
stats are the more relevant
characteristic we have a good rate of
fire full stop no asterisk required we
have bad damage full stop no asterisk
required range combined with shot speed
is pretty bad
HP is lovely good starting trinket as
well that immediately gets melted we can
use that as long as we remember that we
have it speed is adequate luck is bad
but you know all in all the fact that we
have HP effectively means this is a run
that it should be relatively
straightforward to pilot it's a victory
you know you find yourself having to be
a little bit more creative when your HP
is lower because our HP is
completely fine got very little to worry
about it's not an excel floor so we like
might as well get that extra penny we
might as well blow that up as well now
don't die like immediately here that
would be quite embarrassing I have to
admit we want one more key so we can go
to whatever the double key room is but
apart from that I think you know the the
game plan for us here is pretty darn
simple live long enough get that do you
I mean this is like me explaining how to
play The Binding of Isaac for someone
who's never experienced it before use
our spirit arts to leverage ourselves
into a deal with the devil after the for
the second boss fight hope that the deal
with the devil contains things that are
actually good and then pretty much
you're off to the races at that point as
long as your HP is borderline acceptable
so I did watch that it's a shame because
one bomb would like pretty much
neutralize the bosses here at least one
of them don't rush me don't rush me
thank you I was kind of hoping to get
one more cent because we could really
take advantage of a blood bank on the
next floor but we'll just head
downstairs instead I think that's okay
it's a good first floor and actually uh
it's it's a good end a bad first floor
because we didn't really get anything
out of our item room and then actually
getting blue cap is awesome except for
the fact that our shot speed is already
garbage and shot speed is kind of I mean
I'm happier to have the rate of fire
increase than I am sad to have the shot
speed decrease but simultaneously I am
kind of like you know shot speed ups are
relatively rare I think I have the
perception that they're more common than
they actually are because they're mostly
useless but in this situation they'd
actually be good so you know something
that speed ball is almost like of the
perfect item contributes to spun solves
are slightly below average speed and at
the same time also gives us enough shot
shot speed did hopefully not have that
be a limiting factor for us here but
either way we're probably good
in dire need of some damage improvements
but apart from that work we're set here
I like how I pick up a new item from the
booster pack the eyeball tears and I'm
like I hate it and I'm old and then I
get a new hairstyle from the booster
pack and I'm like this is the greatest
thing ever I did you're probably
watching this video I'm utilizing this
as an example to basically I'm gonna
poke fun at what you said to me while
also adding a no offense but I
understand that a few people not a ton
I'm gonna go back yeah we should just go
for the ko here a few people not a ton
but a few people were like a little
displeased upset would be too much of an
exaggeration that I picked up those
eyeball tears and I was like these are
bad I got a lot of tweets that were like
hey here's some synergies you've never
experienced but I did also go like a
tweet chain from one dude who was like
that it culminated with a tweet that
just said just so you know you have a
really bad habit to be dismissive of
something out of instinct and it's a bad
look and I was like my dude we're
talking about an item in a video game
people when they tell me about their
experiences in real life though you know
what the kyrgyzs stay this weekend I'm
like that's the coolest thing ever but
some type icked up by ball tears
evaluated them accordingly based on the
criteria that I had in front of me
little brain is gonna be very nice here
and and wasn't a big fan but also sort
of reserved judgment for future
situations try not to read too much into
it this isn't the real northernlion like
I'm a pretty genuine guy in my videos
but the real northernlion
you know we'll be watching stepbrothers
and eating Cheetos all day on the couch
or he'd be playing The Binding of Isaac
but without commentary or something this
is this is the exaggerated character of
northern Laksha the real law in the land
we spend in time was with his family
right now the real Ryan I should say I
guess we should get out of here
speaking of which you guys seen season
two of real Rob starring Rob Schneider
okay yeah me neither
down to the next floor I'm just saying
you can't judge too much based on what
you
you can't in its borderline offensive to
infer something about my personality
from the way that I feel about an item
that was added in a booster pack but I
also read a lot of those tweets and I
was like you know what I may have
misjudged it a little bit I may have
underestimated potential synergies
because sure soy milk lump of coal
combined with eyeball tears then we got
some some power there this is a regular
secret room
kind of a weird location for it but
we're gonna give it a shot regardless
absolutely we will smelt that the more
the merrier
don't take this by the way is you know
have have sympathy I was cyber bullied
you know cyber bullying is a real thing
it exists it's not what Dan did two
mouths in the battleground series
despite with some of the comments like a
couple of the episodes would say but I
digress
um though those comments are relatively
harmless like I got a pretty good social
media feed mostly people are just like
where's this and I'm like oh I forgot to
post it here it is and then they go
thank you or I go machines broke and
they go understandable have a nice day
I've managed to get saddled saddled was
usually a bad word but I'm trying to
think of what a good analog a blessed
would be the word with a with a
community that is quite erudite most of
the time and and relatively positive to
be honest with you and I'm appreciative
of it don't step on those so we got head
of the keeper head of the keepers good
in this situation because we have bloody
penny so it renders us all that it kind
of stinks first off that I took so much
damage there but also that that dime is
over there if we can get maybe a ability
to fly somewhere along the lines here
that would help out so if we we get a an
arcade on the next floor probably a
pretty good chance we get blood bag
blood bag always while most of the time
very nice I may get compass but I also
kind of want to donate some money to
continue our progress there you know
small rock please although small rock is
a speed downgrade so we
should be concerned all right you know I
decided I want the item but I don't want
it right away I wanted to sit there and
be like you know what you've done I'm
not even gonna use a bottom to get the
spirit hard yet so I just want to
caution you that this run isn't yet as
good as it looks you're looking at this
you're going little brim money and
actually this this boss might be able to
tilt things more in our favor but our
damage is actually trashed here
multi-dimensional baby doesn't help us a
ton but it's okay now we're hoping for
like GUP items man okay so we're still I
think we're up against it to be honest
with you I think this is kind of a hard
run I'm going to go down to the next
floor I'm gonna take a sip of my coffee
I'm going to continue to narrate
everything I do in excruciating detail
I'm now sending a signal from my brain
to depress the right arrow key in order
to shoot in that direction now we're not
gonna follow it to that illogical
extreme he has ever and I'm very much
not this guy most of the time so feel
free to roll your eyes but every once in
a while on aided by potentially legal or
illegal substances as I know that
whenever people get philosophical they
go oh how many pots of you smoking but
anyway first off that's a that's an
antiquated attitude that's deprecated in
today's modern harm-reduction era but
anyway disregard that how crazy is it we
have like in our skull there's a big old
orb of meat it's it's I can't stress
this enough it's it's flesh it's like
edible organic matter within that we
possess the capabilities like that organ
possesses the capabilities to solve
problems that is mess with me today and
you know it sometimes I would roll my
eyes at the fact that I said that to
begin with yeah
well for some people is better than
others I suppose you gonna be snarky
about it but isn't that it's the power
of like genes and evolution we've
evolved
might as well take it why not right
we've evolved a piece of meat that can
write songs like it's um it's amazing at
first that it can even the piece of meat
can manipulate your hand in such a way
that you could write with a pen and on a
piece of paper but the fact I'm just
trying to like distill this down to
brass tacks because it sounds like I'm
being in eloquent here and I think that
that's a valid criticism we have a piece
of meat inside of our skulls that can
solve problems it's just kind of messing
with me right now cuz I'd you know when
you don't think about it you just go yes
it's the brain that's what the brain
does duh when you think about it on a
like a more literal level we literally
have like a cut well it's not cut a
steak but you know what I mean it's semi
analogous to a cut of steak that was a
terrible idea it lives in our skull and
it goes oh here's abstract reasoning
capabilities for you that's incredible
dude we are mad lucky this is gonna be
another trinket so I'm happy about that
I'm also really happy about the deal
with the devil although it's still you
know we got to make it be good so let's
see how it works that's like exceptional
but also very scary because I want to
take all of this and really should not
because bloody penny is very valuable
have we we have taken a deal with the
devil so far here's what I'm gonna do
I'm gonna start by taking goat head and
the reason I'm gonna start with goat
head is because it allows me to see the
other one here lovers card I'll hold it
for now it allows me to get back into
this deal with the devil first off it's
good in its own right but then beyond
that it allows me to get back into that
deal with the devil perhaps we will find
an arcade over the course of this floor
and we will as a result I have a good
chance to get a blood bank that blood
bank has a pretty good chance to give us
a blood bag
and were able to get more HP we might
consider taking the mark for example or
sorry the pact was the the one that was
in there we also you know still have our
item room that could just give us HP to
begin with so I think it was like a like
a time-delayed choice on our deal with
the devil here I'm happy with this
decision I don't really want to take
gimpy unless we get a ton of money
because our luck is not good enough to I
think make it very applicable but you
might be able to actually raise it here
as well it's just people this oh my god
he came in hot off the presses there so
varicose veins is not gonna be great for
us with 2.9 damage but varicose veins
plus fanny pack plus ass melted bloody
penny
I think there's we're only one cent away
from red candle that whole time I think
it's pretty good because now we get a
lot of advantages for being hit as I can
eight again here but like dude I hear
people say sometimes and I I empathize
with this I understand where you're
coming from they go I wish I could just
be a cat you know they sleep all day
they get fed food that they like even
though it's garbage they play you know
they the most they have a good life most
of the time I would say I'm gonna I'm
gonna get like very aggressive here I
don't want to get the teleportation and
I don't really want to fight the angel
statues but I mean I suppose we could
get the key pieces and fight mega Satan
here before we do this though let's um
be a little smarter I think we have time
to write yeah we're still like ahead of
schedule
I want to peep this maybe we'll get
something half decent you we've got like
eight trinkets melted I think we've got
a good excuse to go with Guppies head
and let's keep this as well let's like
literally do whatever we can and that
that was exquisite although it does make
me not really want to play the
self-sacrifice room anymore but anyway I
was on this Kant tangent I am like it
certainly grateful to have been born a
human being because I think it's a
unique experience on the planet Earth
it's incredible that a cat is like I'm
hungry what do I do about it
you got a particularly smart cat it
meows there you go I recognized this
because it's my own cat solution to the
problem mankind can be like we went into
outer space on a ship that we built and
kept a bunch of people a lot like it's
incredible you know how many problems
there are on the on the chain of getting
a human being into outer space oh we
need enough Delta V to get off a planet
or it's solved all we need heat
shielding so they don't burn up in the
atmosphere solved oh we need you know
it's just the list goes on and on we
need to calculate the proper trajectory
to fly through outer space
it's incredible we're like the scariest
species in Earth's history well I don't
know there are T Rexes and stuff but but
also like the dopest its I think you
know word we're incredible people
oftentimes have the opinion and and I
don't necessarily disagree with this but
they go people are people are bad and I
like yeah we're gonna go for this now by
the way because at least we'll have one
HP on the next floor which still allows
us to sort of take advantage of bloody
penny and take a deal with the devil I
guess which is good with goat head but
we want to go maybe a little faster
although I guess we don't really need to
do boss rush because we've already done
it so to some extent disregard people
are capable you know being smart is not
always necessarily I would say it's like
always a good thing but doesn't
necessarily mean you're a good person
just because you're intelligent however
and you know the same applies to
countries and organizations and so on
and so forth but still mankind is pretty
cool right and I love you watched the
news recently no I haven't
okay I mean it will save that RAM for
another time but just no news I've got a
bone to pick with you
like why are you on at 6:00 p.m. that's
halfway through my day it's not nearly
how much news couldn't none it is that's
not the ramp any white disregard this is
uh this is a good Isaac run or Eden run
if you want to be more pedantic about it
which you know I do but it's also very
strange cuz this is lower damage that
you start with on a lot of Eden runs
dude don't make me laugh but it's still
somewhat strong so would probably take
the Joker car it's a bit of like the Sun
might be more valuable especially if we
want to get boss rush but the Joker is a
boss rush teleporter we can actually
hold petrified poop still trinkets
melter is actually I shouldn't have been
like so wringing my hands over whether
or not to get rid of trinkets melter cuz
trinkets melter actually has stored
value it's like one of the only space
bar items I guess the other ones would
be like ones that change your stats but
it's one of the only space bar items
that actually like retains some of its
usefulness after it's gone definitely
will take starter deck lovers card not
worth much I will take that and actually
you know what go a little deeper on this
I'm not gonna buy too many spirit arts I
don't think we need them
we'll take black candle which i think is
an excellent item compost has some value
for us here for sure with fish head
already smelted I'll take there's
options it's got like two floors to
benefit me and it's it's just kind of an
easy pick so I'll take it obviously like
it would be big to get guppy on this run
pretty self-explanatory we suggested all
the time
little brim can carry us for a fairly
long time we had enough HP could carry
us potentially through the entirety of
the game so I'm gonna skip the curse
room and you're gonna be like don't skip
the curse term you want to become guppy
yeah but we could also get to boss Rush
and I value a free boss rush pick up
more than more than I value going to the
curse room right now that's not a good
trinket we get another guppy item I
don't care about permanent polaroid
invincibility and this is where we gotta
exercise self-control cuz it's very
tempting to just pop the Joker card
right now in the hopes of getting guppy
and if it worked it would be the right
decision well that's you know one of the
things about probability I suppose is
the knowledge that just because
something worked out doesn't mean it's
the right decision like if you if you
had a 1 in 20 chance to win a million
dollars but a 19 and 20 chance to die if
it works out if you get that that
amazing role that gives you a million
dollars was it the right decision to do
it I don't know I don't believe that
that's the case first off that's a
terrible deal because just by the way
there's probably some of you out there
that are going I would take that you
know cuz it in the 1 in 20 odds you get
a million dollars you're set yeah but is
that worth like literally a 95% chance
of losing your actual life I would say
no I'm I am gonna I'm gonna stream
splainin you know I'm gonna act like I'm
an authority on the subject in my
opinion is more valuable than yours cuz
you're worth more than that okay you can
do it don't make them hold out for 5050
at least that's all I'm saying that's a
dick it's a bit of a dark joke I'm just
saying this product if you uh I think if
you gave me everybody's got their right
price right if you were like 90% chance
you'll get a million dollars 10% chance
you'll die I wouldn't take it because I
mean 10% when the consequences are large
I think that's a big number too big for
me to feel comfortable with but if you
were like 999 times out of a thousand
you'll get a million dollars and the 1
in 1,000 you'll get murdered I might be
persuaded you you could probably and I
imagine a lot of people's prices
probably lower than that but we don't
really need Steam sale unless we're
gonna fight hush so I think we just buy
this to see where it takes us and we
probably by the spirit art as well if we
could walk over it but yeah I think I'm
worried about saying this because in my
head I'm irrational and I'm like what if
somebody comes to me with this deal the
condition by the way has to be that it's
fair they can't be like oh there's a 1
in 100,000 chance you get the negative
consequences and then they you know are
just lying see that's another reason to
probably not engage with these
supernatural tricksters that are in
theory applying this so I think you just
go to boss rush first because we have
the Joker card and the goat heads so
here I mean I don't love it necessarily
but you gotta take a little monstro out
of all these I think probably make a
case for sack dagger although I will
admit to you things are looking a little
scary HP wise but trying to like raise
our ability to kill enemies so we are
going to the the chest this time because
we took the polaroid I think that's
completely fine
we are only one item away from becoming
Daffy so like I'm super happy that we
did not use our Joker card on the last
floor rate when we got there because we
would have just not gotten much no okay
we got two and a half hearts just play
it cool
this is about where you reach the point
where you you look for like Black Lotus
in here not gonna get it we should be
fine but I hesitate to say that because
I think again people are gonna look at
this round and be like you got no reason
to die on this run we have a really good
reason to die on this run our damage is
three point eight three our speed is
zero point nine seven and the there is a
little bit of my own personal folly that
was just actually horrible there is a
little bit of my own personal folly I
probably got overly aggressive on deals
with the devil I'll give you that but at
the same time we basically had like
three or four actually maybe maybe five
item rooms that provided us with no
value a lot of like really bad actives
showed up on this run and our stats have
not really improved we've got a lot of
little brim helping us out and a good
rate of fire and that's that's what's
driving the bus right now plus actually
like in aggregate we've got a really
good set up thanks to trinkets melter
like guppies head is twice as good
because we're generating twice as many
flies you got to go synthoid i hate to
say it but we need both damage and speed
you got to go sin toil but I don't mean
that simple is a damage plus speed
upgrade I just mean like both of those
syringes contain things that are useful
for us there's an angel statue in there
both of those syringes contain things
that were useful for us I have to try
but I had to I had to go you know with
first principles damage is probably more
important than speed in this situation
we did not get first off one fly what
happened secondly we didn't get a key
piece for killing the angel statue in
the devil Room
all these little fiddly Isak things I
don't remember all the time well that
last floor was not really good enough
that's a good card that's a decent card
that's not really a good card not right
now anyway uh and once you get down to
the womb I in my opinion at least
principles kind of reverse themselves a
little bit you know you don't want to
explore melis when your HP is low you
don't want to explore more than is
strictly necessary I actually like got
so scared the word no got caught in my
throat like Jamie Lee Curtis in
Halloween or something like that I
didn't think that there was another
enemy alive on this planet we have to
have to take the left hand we need it
because it'll give us oh there's a
tinted rock dude just survive this room
we need it because it could give us
spirit hearts it could also give us copy
I suppose or teleport us to the two
deals with the devil pass this floor
where we could get got because on this
floor we have the goat head good good
good good good
this would be the worst time to get
small rock just distill it down to brass
tacks thank you very much
I don't know if there was a way for me
to not get hit there but thankfully we
got that spirit heart earlier they made
it plausible oh good
just in time for the mom fight we
finally go up one luck algae's is
enormous
ASA Club still sucks towers way worse
magicians not very good Sharia could
save our lives so let's take that and
we're gonna pop algae's first I think
why am i salty about getting luck well
cuz we've had gimpy for four floors only
now did we stand a decent chance of
getting spirit hearts for getting hit
now that we've got zero HP so hopefully
you can understand my my salt a little
bit there's an extremely good algae's
all it had to be was nine lives if it
was nine lives like we win the run
well they were going up to the Cathedral
here and I'm a little frightened
that's okay we've we've made it out of
trickier buckets of syrup than this fool
credit card huge growth yeah I actually
I I got so mine flooded I'm still gonna
fight these guys I got so mine flooded I
can't even see sac dagger oh you know
what cuz it's stuck on one part of my
body here that makes sense thanks to the
the duct tape which I always call toilet
paper I think you got a look sorry
couldn't have just been blue Larry jr.
right um the reason I did that extra
room again the one that killed me is
because I I thought that there might be
something useful in this room and
clearly that was mistaken and all of my
hoping possibly getting something good
in this run has now been lost but copies
caller has already saved us like more
times on this run or more times on this
save file that I think it ever did on
the other one which is really funny to
me that's also like deliberately an
exaggeration we had a lot of clutch
Guffey's caller savings and I refused to
be like wow we got so lucky Guppies
caller saved us you know that's what
it's there for like it's an item in its
own right it doesn't just enable the
copy transformation although most of the
time that's what you get out of it
I don't know how I'm you know actually I
do what I was gonna say is I don't know
how I can usually aim little brim but I
suck
playing as Lilith but the answer is
actually a thing more simple than it
might originally seem we gotta wait
until we get like a chariot card or
something a nalgas ruin to play that got
a blow up these fires as well let's go
if this is a bad idea but if we get like
three I would have gone to the cursed
room if you get one more I'll probably
still go to the cursed room okay I
really still want to go to the curse
room but I'm gonna abstain the reason is
because there's no knock back on little
brim and it kills things like instantly
so you know hitting something with one
tear from Incubus as lilith normally is
not going to get you the kill it's just
the way the cookie crumbles but little
brim if it connects is not gonna push
the enemy out of the way of the next
shot this is like the exact same room we
just had that was it took balls of steel
speaking of which I would love to get
balls of steel right now well we
probably will not be playing any blood
banks now that we got a little HP and
you know picking up the eternal heart
there in my opinion at least is just
like Isaac's version of rules are made
to be broken you know most of the time
permanent polaroid invincibility is what
you want but that's like it's a
situation where you're worried about
your quality of life this is not a
situation in which we're worried about
quality of life this is a situation
which we're worried about living by the
way gimpy I'm not asking for much okay
I'm so mind flooded and oh my god I'm
actually a moron I deserve to lose for
that mistake but I didn't and there is
don't be spiders I think there were
spiders okay let mean disregard
Wow I do want to point out it's a little
harder with 0.97 speed not much but a
little but the other thing I want to
point out Gympie has never on earth done
anything for us oh thank god okay I
don't know get rid of the left hand you
know we always forget to drop it before
the next floor but the single black card
might allow us to live long enough right
we got to reverse the way we do this now
might allow us to live long enough to
get down to the chest and this is a run
that if we win basically we got really
really lucky cuz coming back twice with
Guppies collar now we're in you know
luck territory no question but would it
like actually kill you to give me a
single gimpy payout I know we had
negative luck for a while but like that
was really bad that was a bad play
it's actually like catastrophic to have
such low speed at this point because if
we choose wrong where our positioning is
even like mildly off on these beams of
light we got a real problems but we
could have compensated for that by not
using Guffey's head which gave us three
flies for you know I'd say that you say
worth the squeeze is the best way to put
it we just cannot do that you got to be
out of your mind
oh my lord okay well down on the next
floor use this decent very good
excellent okay I mean sad Audion doesn't
do anything for us yet but maybe one day
stigmata HP which we could really use
and we shouldn't use kelpies uh
shouldn't use Guppies head again you got
illuminated bulb so I think we could win
but my odds of winning so in my opinion
at least sort of hinge on us getting
some items you got 1.52 luck I would
love to see some items show up I'm not
gonna say we deserve them just that I
would like to see them and I'm probably
gonna use like you know one set I got
hit probably gonna use like one sad bomb
per room sort of neutralize the
situation a bit
he got the Guppies heads backwards again
um I'll be the first to tell you I don't
think I played ten out of ten here but I
think I played like seven everybody
takes bad damage but in a lot of runs
the bad damage is kind of neutralized by
the run being a little bit more high
quality and we've gotten some great
items here but they haven't always
worked well in conjunction with others
so that spirit art pickup was very very
important that's why I endeavoured to
kill pestilence first although I was a
little worried sad balms was gonna mess
that up for me right okay so when the
last enemy on this room dies this is
definitely where you want to use sad
bombs as well by the way when the last
enemy on this room dies that's when you
want to pop Guppies head I still think
we got a chance here gimpy
so many red hearts and zero spirit
hearts I think unless I'm mistaken zero
spirit hearts I'm not upset as long as
we get the W you know everybody gets
their name engraved on the Stanley Cup
okay
this is actually a run where we probably
should have taken like zero deals with
the devil just relied on bloody penny to
carry us but here we are on the final
room just don't get clever cleverness I
think is one of the most overrated
traits be tenacious that's valuable pay
attention to details here
good good good good good okay we almost
got tagged there if only we had used
like picked up duct tape
when sac dagger was like on the right
side of our body instead of on the top
then we would have blocked well I mean I
guess it depends which direction your
fighting enemies in most of the time but
feel like we kind of got a a not amazing
roll on that but we lived there's no
world in which I take this one down to
the the void you'd have to be out of
your mind but we unlocked a mysterious
paper on a really grindy run so thanks
for watching hope you guys enjoyed the
episode if you did click the like button
helps out a great deal of course
subscribe if you want to see more in the
future but for now thanks for watching
and I'll see you next time